{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.16299}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\f0\fs24\lang9 performance wise, since we are saving weight we will not be drafting nearly as much (potentially only 1.8 meters or so) so if there is instability you can put little foils underneath the ship to act as vertical stabilizers to add traction and reduce risk of overturns, and they should be deployable.\par
\par
and as well the way i mentioned earlier to use boats on the side to deploy as marines will add stability and reduce the draft even further. \par
\par
but you will still need to put it on foils in rough seas that keep the noes down under water and keep the boat elevated at roughly the right place by providing downward lift. \par
\par
saving weight is by not having any weight at all for the engine vs 4000 lbs? for engine and gas. \par
\par
looking at the boat the balancing and weight distribution should be okay without any weight in the engine room, maybe just a foil in the front and some stabilizers in the back if desired. \par
\par
if the boat leans forward slightly due to more weight in the front, put the vertical stabilizers wherever you want, and then simply put them in the water at the right depth and angle and you\rquote ll achieve the intended performance. \par
\par
and write me a simulator so i can practice driving it in all sorts of seas and shit. \par
\par
and then a few tweaks for good measure, a diving platform on the flybridge\par
the swimming platform in the back needs to raise and lower so it can be deployed on foldable tracks so as to not interfere with anything, down to 2 feet below the waterline for ease of use purposes. \par
\par
but i do think this thing needs to have two deployable pilothouse boat marans for rough seas. \par
\par
I don\rquote t think we will have a crew? maybe we can convert that to 3d printer/cnc/pcb machine area?\par
\par
if you want a different model for the engine, try using two independently rotating bar magnets  for driving the motor, and if you really get stuck, or can\rquote t get the thing started, the starter should look like this:\par
\par
a gear of magnets again, but an attracting magnet on one side and a repelling magnet on the other\par
and the driving magnets(not on the gear) should be attached and timed in such a way that they either rotate or do a loop on a wheel so that the magnet gets close to being locked into place while there is only an attracting force on the magnet, and then they shift so that the repelling magnet takes over and repels the magnet with force causing movement. \par
\par
the magnets on the gear will have to be spaced apart but that again saves money so its cool. \par
\par
it might need a really sophisticated autopilot but we can also drive it slowly\par
forget having a crew, we can be the crew so long as we get ample documentation and quite possibly simulators. \par
\par
we live on a little bank, there is a chance when we park it, we want to raise the boat out of the water  so that we don\rquote t get grounded at low tide, and possibly for debarnacling? \par
\par
you can do it with retractable, deployable metal rods we will call them. Hydraulic? probably. all around the ship, probably 1-3 per square yard, and you may opt to have them be able to drill into sediment and rock so that during a hurricane, you can drive the boat however far into a channel you can and lift it out of the water and lock it into place by drilling a few feet into the sediment below. \par
\par
it\rquote s not environmentally bad because its infrequent and stranger things happen in nature. \par
\par
florida is quite the anomaly because there isn\rquote t that much water compared to how close we are to open ocean. so that will change very very rapidly when people stop maintaining the beach. \par
\par
its ultra strange to only have 2-3 meters of water in the intercostal. \par
\par
 convert the crew area into my room. \par
My room can have a recording studio, a 3d printer, a pcb printer and we will figure out where to put the cmc machine. \par
instruments i need:\par
7 string guitar\par
5 string bass\par
electronic drums\par
tube amp and bass amp\par
nice preamp\par
Nice Sitar\par
nice ukulele\par
surfboard storage in the room and  in the engine room i guess. \par
there\rquote s probably room for a full bathroom with walk in steam room, jet therapy bath and a massage chair. \par
\par
there is around 6600 gallons of gas @ 6 gallons a piece, that saves about 40,000 pounds of weight \par
straight up - engines is another 2000 lbs. \par
wow we saved a ton of weight. \par
\par
Alright, all joking aside, here are designs.\par
\par
It is very important for me to have my own personal space. If you wish to sell the engines, talk  to General Electric\par
\par
Magnetize the furniture down and the plates (the furniture on tracks) or something similar to a 3d printer so that i can adjust the placement of the furniture at the touch of a button. \par
\par
Don't put so many seating areas, put one seating area outside, 1 large hot tub, a few randomly placed water therapy baths, and one sauna outdoors\par
\par
the motor should be the following, and if it does not spin, or gets hung up at certain areas, take note of any area on the magnet that does work, and attach a (gear we will call it) with that magnet layout so that when the motor gets stuck, the other gear wants to spin.\par
\par
so the layout of the engines is a bar magnet in between two wheels (essentially) with magnets on them. the bar magnet needs to oscillate on a 3d axis, and the magnets on the gears need to be placed off center, and the bar magnet may need to spin a few degrees left and right\par
\par
this creates a situation where the bar magnet will always be attracting the incoming magnets more strongly than the outgoing magnets but then oscillating to guide the magnets back. \par
\par
I have not figured out how to disconnect the magnets from each other yet, but you already know i'll tell you how to build the magnetic rockets when i figure them out. so i do believe this is a fair trade. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://sarasotayacht.com/co-brokerage-used-yachts-for-sale-101-130-feet/?rPage=/privatelabel/listing/pl_boat_full_detail.jsp?slim=pp288214&boat_id=3042052&ybw=&units=Feet&access=Public&listing_id=80746&url= }}{\fldrslt{http://sarasotayacht.com/co-brokerage-used-yachts-for-sale-101-130-feet/?rPage=/privatelabel/listing/pl_boat_full_detail.jsp?slim=pp288214&boat_id=3042052&ybw=&units=Feet&access=Public&listing_id=80746&url=\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
we may want to buy this boat, work on it a little bit, and put electric and magnetic motors in and not have to buy fuel any longer. \par
\par
Inspect it upon arrival and any thing that needs more structural integrity, put a few beams of wood of varying length and thickness and species in that area, with beams of foam or whatever even carbon fiber between them and connecting them to the rest of the boat. \par
and put a few massage chairs, and a PCB printer, a few 3d printers so we can print using anything, and A CNC machine\par
\par
I will personally skim the ocean for plastic and wood and if they can put a machine to melt down the plastic and resolidify it as a block or a plank then that will be useful to me as well. \par
\par
You can even put little patches of kevlar if you want, and heat bond the foam or glue it using epoxy or polyester. \par
\par
tell them, i don't know the specifics of how they build their boats, or how these boats are built, so modify these theories as required to optimize the bond strength and structural integrity of the boat. \par
\par
since we are foregoing a crew, here is how to automate cleaning at least and a lot of cooking\par
Suvie for cooking a few nights a week, \par
those amazon vacuuming robots, \par
and for tile, amazon style robots that have swiffers on them and run i guess at night when most people are asleep.\par
if there are no windows in the crew area, when you modify it into my room, put a few nice windows in there. \par
window cleaning can be done robotically as long as the robots fold into the wall when not in use. \par
the more we can automate on our new boat, the cheaper and easier setting sail to the many locations you all want to see can be. \par
}
 